chore: v1.13.2 (#1207)
plentymarkets/plentyshop-pwa: docs/changelog/changelog_en.md

- (dev) State management and save for edit categories toolbar
- (dev) Added editable page for category
- (dev) Added delete category logic

### 🩹 Fixed

- (dev) Fix Page Selector state.
- (dev) Fix Page Selector closes when clicking outside the box.
- (dev) Fix Page Selector closes on second button click.
- (dev) Fix styling of editor actions on content pages.

# v1.13.2 (2025-04-14) <a href="https://github.com/plentymarkets/plentyshop-pwa/compare/v1.13.1...v1.13.2" target="_blank" rel="noopener"><b>Overview of all changes</b></a>

### 🩹 Fixed

- Appended variation to product urls in category page for LTS compatibility.
- Fix an error while attempting to login from guest.

> - Updated the category menu markup by removing a button element nested within an anchor tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed the category menu markup by removing an invalid button element nested within an anchor tag.
```

- (dev) State management and save for edit categories toolbar
- (dev) Added editable page for category
- (dev) Added delete category logic

### 🩹 Fixed

- (dev) Fix Page Selector state.
- (dev) Fix Page Selector closes when clicking outside the box.
- (dev) Fix Page Selector closes on second button click.
- (dev) Fix styling of editor actions on content pages.

# v1.13.2 (2025-04-14) <a href="https://github.com/plentymarkets/plentyshop-pwa/compare/v1.13.1...v1.13.2" target="_blank" rel="noopener"><b>Overview of all changes</b></a>

### 🩹 Fixed

> - Appended variation to product urls in category page for LTS compatibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Appended variation ID to product urls in category page for LTS compatibility.
```
